README.md, before:

<h1 align="center" style="color: #26ed97">
  MASQUE 🎭
</h1>
<h2 align="center"  style="color: #cc0000">
  - API -
</h2>

<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem; color: #969696">
  ||| This project is a Work In Progress |||
</p>
<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">
  A "social" media platform with the goal of complete anonymity of users.
</p>

<hr />


The Masque platform uses an API built in [**Ruby on Rails**][r], for mobile devices - the [**front end**][f] is built using [**React-Native**][rn] with plans to build a standard web version using [**React**][rjs] in the future.

[f]: https://github.com/Shubwub/masque-frontend
[ax]: https://github.com/axios/axios
[r]: https://github.com/rails/rails
[rn]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native
[rna]: https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation
[rjs]: https://github.com/facebook/react
[e]: https://github.com/expo/expo
[adb]: https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb
[at]: https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/

- ## 📋 Requirements

  The requirements for running this application locally are the same as any [**Ruby on Rails**][r] application (requiring both ruby and the rails gem).

- ## 🎉 Installation and setup

  Once this repository is cloned, dependencies must be met through:

  ```bash
    bundle
  ```

  To run the API locally simply run:

  ```bash
    rails s
  ```

  This will start the dev server on port 3000 by default, which can then be connected to on your local machine for requests.

- ## 📖 Documentation

  - ### 🚧 Structure
    This project follows the basic MVC setup following your standard rails project setup. 
  - ### 🚗 Routing
    The breakdown for the routes of the api can be found on the `/api` path.
  - ### ⚛️ Front-end
    Currently there is only a mobile [**front end**][f] with plans for a web front-end to be completed at a later date.

- ## ✉️ Contact

  I'm more than happy discuss anything you find on this repo, please feel free to contact me at [contact@cameronthornton.dev](mailto:contact@cameronthornton.dev) for any discussion or feedback.

- ## 📄 License
  This project does not carry a license, and therefore all rights are currently reservedd and this project is **not** open-source. If you wish to modify or redistribute this project please reach out using the email provided above.

Commit message:

updates README with db setup and testing

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center" style="color: #26ed97">
  MASQUE 🎭
</h1>
<h2 align="center"  style="color: #cc0000">
  - API -
</h2>

<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem; color: #969696">
  ||| This project is a Work In Progress |||
</p>
<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">
  A "social" media platform with the goal of complete anonymity of users.
</p>

<hr />


The Masque platform uses an API built in [**Ruby on Rails**][r], for mobile devices - the [**front end**][f] is built using [**React-Native**][rn] with plans to build a standard web version using [**React**][rjs] in the future.

[f]: https://github.com/Shubwub/masque-frontend
[ax]: https://github.com/axios/axios
[r]: https://github.com/rails/rails
[rn]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native
[rs]: https://github.com/rspec/rspec
[rna]: https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation
[rjs]: https://github.com/facebook/react
[e]: https://github.com/expo/expo
[adb]: https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb
[at]: https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/

- ## 📋 Requirements

  The requirements for running this application locally are the same as any [**Ruby on Rails**][r] application (requiring both ruby and the rails gem).

- ## 🎉 Installation and setup

  Once this repository is cloned, dependencies must be met through:

  ```
    bundle
  ```
  Prior to running the local server, databases will need to be setup and seeded:

  ```
    rake db:create db:setup db:migrate
  ```

  To run the API locally simply run:

  ```
    rails s
  ```

  This will start the dev server on port 3000 by default, which can then be connected to on your local machine for requests.

- ## 📖 Documentation

  - ### ✔️ Testing
    [**rspec**][rs] is used for testing the API. These tests can be ran with `rails spec`. At a later date these will be factored into a CI system.
  - ### 🚧 Structure
    This project follows the basic MVC setup following your standard rails project setup. 
  - ### 🚗 Routing
    The breakdown for the routes of the api can be found on the `/api` path.
  - ### ⚛️ Front-end
    Currently there is only a mobile [**front end**][f] with plans for a web front-end to be completed at a later date.

- ## ✉️ Contact

  I'm more than happy discuss anything you find on this repo, please feel free to contact me at [contact@cameronthornton.dev](mailto:contact@cameronthornton.dev) for any discussion or feedback.

- ## 📄 License
  This project does not carry a license, and therefore all rights are currently reservedd and this project is **not** open-source. If you wish to modify or redistribute this project please reach out using the email provided above.
